now these are the last words of David
buss says David the son of Jesse thus
says the man raised up on high the
anointed of the God of Jacob and the
sweet psalmist of Israel the spirit and
the Lord spoke by me
and his word was on my tongue the God of
Israel said the rock of Israel spoke to
me he who rules over men must be just
ruling in the fear of God and he shall
be like the light of the morning when
the Sun rises a morning without clouds
like the tender grass springing out of
the earth by clear shining after rain
although my house is not so with God yet
he has made with me an everlasting
covenant ordered in all things and
secure for this is all my salvation and
all my desire will he not make it
increase but the sons of rebellion shall
only as thorns thrust away because they
cannot be taken with hands but the man
who touches them
must be armed with iron and the shaft of
the spear
and they shall be utterly burned with
fire in their place these are the names
of the mighty men whom David helped
Joseph
Bathsheba's the Tecmo night chief among
the captains he was called adeno the Eze
night because he had killed eight
hundred men at one time and after him
was Eleazar the son of Doda the arrow
hight one of the three mighty men with
David when they defied the Philistines
who were gathered there for battle and
the men of Israel had retreated he arose
and attacked the Philistines until his
hand was weary and his hand stuck to the
sword the Lord brought about a great
victory that day and the people returned
after him only to plunder and after him
was Shama the son of a key the haver
right
the Philistines had gathered together
into a troop where there was a piece of
ground full of lentils so the people
fled from the Philistines but he
stationed himself in the middle of the
field defended it and killed the
Philistines so the Lord brought about a
great victory then three of the thirty
chief men went down at harvest time and
came to David the cave of Adeline and
the troop of Philistines encamped in the
valley of Rephaim David was then in the
stronghold and the garrison of the
Philistines was then in Bethlehem and
David said with longing oh that someone
would give me a drink of the water from
the well of Bethlehem which is by the
gate so the three mighty men broke
through the camp of the Philistines
through water from the well of Bethlehem
that was by the gate and took it and
brought it to David
nevertheless he would not drink it but
poured it out to the Lord
far be it from me or Lord that I should
do this is this not the blood of the men
who went in jeopardy of their lives
therefore he would not drink it these
things were done by the three mighty men
now Abby Shahi the brother of Joab the
son of Azura aya was chief of another
three he lifted his spear against three
hundred men killed them and won a name
among these three was he not the most
honoured of free therefore he became
their captain
however he did not attain to the first
three banal was the son of jehoiada the
son of a valiant man from capsule who
done many deeds he had killed to land
like heroes of Moab he also had gone
down and killed a lion in the midst of a
pit on a snowy day and he killed an
Egyptian a spectacular man the Egyptian
had a spear in his hand so he went down
to him with a staff rested the spear out
of the Egyptians hand and killed him
with his own spear these things denier
the son of jehoiada did and won a name
among three mighty men he was more
honored than the thirty but he did not
attain to the first three and David
appointed him over his guard a Sahel the
brother of joy was one of the fit
I'll hainan the son of Doda of Bethlehem
Shama the Herod ight alike the haver
died he less the pal tight IRA the son
of a quiche the dacoit a by either the
Anitha fight Nirvana the hue show fight
Zalman yahoo height Meharry i the mid
tougher fight he lab the son of Bayona
than the TEFL fight it AI the son of rye
barley from Gibeah of the children of
Benjamin benaiah a pitiful night hit AI
from the Brooks of gash a by almond the
Arbor fight as Mavis the BA humate Eliab
ah the shale the night of the sons of
Jason Jonathan Shama the hero right
a Higham the son of Shara the hero right
Alif alert the son of Ahaz by the son of
the mayor a fight
alaya the son of a if L the guy la night
is ray I the carmelite pay awry the
Arbeit igil the son of nathan of Zuber
Bain I the guy right zelich the ammonite
nay Hirai the be II recite armour-bearer
of Joab the son of Zara aya IRA the 8th
right
Gharib the earth right and Uriah the
Hittite 37 in all
[Music]